Welcome to our lesson on creating DApps.
A DApp stands for a decentralized application.
Designing a DApp starts with writing a smart contract,
deploying it to an Ethereum network,
followed by designing a front-end to interact with the smart contract.
Now, that means being able to call functions,
make transactions, et cetera.
In this lesson, we will write a smart contract to notarize a star.
A question you might have,
why did we choose this project?
Notarizing a star means to own a star if it is not owned by anyone yet.
Once you own a star,
you can sell it to anyone else.
You can also buy stars from someone else.
This will really help you understand how Ethereum can help
us make transactions without any third party involvement.
Let me explain this further.
We will write two versions of the smart contract,
version one and version two.
We will keep version one simple.
We will create a star,
claim a star in this contract,
and then we will also learn how to write
test cases to test the smart contract using Mocha, Chai, and Truffle.
We will then create a front-end for this DApp using basic JavaScript and HTML.
Using this front-end web page,
we will call functions on a contract.
Now, this will finish the first part of our lesson.
After writing version one,
we will then write our version two of the star node tree smart contract.
We will add functions to create a star,
put up stars for sale,
buy a star, and even more.
We will then tokenize our stars.
To do this, we will adopt the ERC-721 standard and make our star tokens non-fungible.
Remember, we learned about ERC-20 fungible tokens in a previous lesson.
In this lesson, we will now learn about the ERC-721 non-fungible standard,
and then write version two of the Star Notary smart contract by
using OpenZeppelin to encode the ERC-721 interface.
Once a smart contract is written,
we will then write test cases in Truffle using Mocha and
Chai to make sure a contract works the way it is intended to work.
We will then design a front-end of the Star Notary smart contract version two.
I will show you how to create a basic front page while
the other options will be left for you to complete as a part of project five.
So, let's get started.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6